So the while--'while' loop is similar to a 'for' loop, but you can close it on a certain conditional.
So the 'for' loop goes through a set amount of iterations and then is just done.
The 'while' loop can go on forever.
So if you typed in something like this:
it would just loop forever, and that's called an infinite loop.
So you want to try to avoid those because it's just never going to end.
So the 'while' loop is good for a couple of different things.
We used it for those 'getopts', get options.
It's also good for reading a file line-by-line.
So you can say 'while read line do'-- go 'echo $line'.  Just put a 'sleep 1' in there so you can see it happening,
'done'.
And then you can tell it to use a certain file.
This file should be on Linux and Mac.
So there is just going to read through each file [scatting] and then it would just stop when it's done.
So that would just go until there's no more lines in the file, which is different than a 'for' loop,
because you could pass in any file of a different length and it would just keep going until the end
of that file was reached.
So likewise, in the code that you added in that last script
we did,
the parse_args.sh one,
this was a 'while' loop, but it was only checking these things, so once it got through all of those
arguments, then there was nothing left to do
so it was done.
And then next, I'm going to show you this 'case' statement.